fix 'disappear' to 'appears' (#30814)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_flexible_box_layout/mastering_wrapping_of_flex_items/index.md

This behavior is useful if you want to target flex items using JavaScript to show and hide content for example. The example in the specification demonstrates one such pattern.

> In the following live example I have a non-wrapped flex container. The third item has more content than the others yet is set to `visibility: collapse` and therefore the flex container is retaining a _strut_ of the height required to display this item. If you remove `visibility: collapse` from the CSS or change the value to `visible`, you will see the item appears and the space redistribute between non-collapsed items; the height of the flex container should not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following live example, I have a non-wrapped flex container. The third item has more content than the others yet is set to `visibility: collapse`; therefore, the flex container is retaining a _strut_ of the height required to display this item. If you remove `visibility: collapse` from the CSS or change the value to `visible`, you will see the item appear, and the space is redistributed between non-collapsed items; the height of the flex container should not change.
```
